Chapter Answers

1. B. A campus area network (CAN) is a connectivity method
that is locally owned and managed by an organization to
connect multiple LANs together. A metropolitan area
network (MAN) is a connectivity method used in a
metropolitan area, but it is owned and managed by someone
other than the organization. A wide area network (WAN) is a
connectivity method that is used for connectivity in a wide
area, and it is owned and managed by someone other than
the organization. A personal area network (PAN) is a network
that connects personal devices within an extremely close
vicinity.
2. A. A star topology, also known as hub-and-spoke topology,
has a centralized switch connecting all of the devices
outward like a star. A full mesh topology allows for a
decentralized switching design, where any link failure will
not aﬀect switching. A partial mesh topology is normally
performed between the layers of core, distribution, and
access to allow for a single link failure while maintaining
switching services. A hybrid topology is where several
diﬀerent topologies are employed, such as star and mesh.
3. A. Bluetooth is a common networking protocol found inside
a personal area network (PAN) connecting personal devices.
Multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) is a technology that
uses labels to switch packets. A software-defined wide area
network (SDWAN) is a virtual WAN architecture that uses
software to manage connectivity, devices, and services. A
virtual NIC (vNIC) is used to connect a virtual machine (VM)
to a virtual switch (vSwitch).
4. D. A workgroup is a logical grouping of computers on a local
area network (LAN) based upon a department's function. A
backbone is the connectivity method that connects multiple
network segments together. A campus area network (CAN) is
a network that connects multiple buildings together in close
proximity. A personal area network (PAN) is a network that
connects personal devices together in close proximity often
using Bluetooth technology.
