1. Which network type is locally owned and managed by an organization and used to connect the organization's LAN together?
A MAN
B CAN
C WAN
D PAN
-B
--A campus area network (CAN) is a connectivity method that is locally owned and managed by an organization to connect multiple LANs together. A metropolitan area network (MAN) is a connectivity method used in a metropolitan area, but it is owned and managed by someone other than the organization. A wide area network (WAN) is a connectivity method that is used for connectivity in a wide area, and it is owned and managed by someone other than the organization. A personal area network (PAN) is a network that connects personal devices within an extremely close vicinity.
2. Which network topology design has a centralized switch connecting all of the devices?
A Star topology
B Full mesh topology
C Partial mesh topology
D Hybrid topology
-A
--A star topology, also known as hub-and-spoke topology, has a centralized switch connecting all of the devices outward like a star. A full mesh topology allows for a decentralized switching design, where any link failure will not aﬀect switching. A partial mesh topology is normally performed between the layers of core, distribution, and access to allow for a single link failure while maintaining switching services. A hybrid topology is where several diﬀerent topologies are employed, such as star and mesh.
3. Which protocol can be typically found inside a PAN?
A Bluetooth line 2
B MPLS line 2 line 3
C SDWAN
D vNIC
-A
--Bluetooth is a common networking protocol found inside a personal area network (PAN) connecting personal devices. Multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) is a technology that uses labels to switch packets. A software-defined wide area network (SDWAN) is a virtual WAN architecture that uses software to manage connectivity, devices, and services. A virtual NIC (vNIC) is used to connect a virtual machine (VM) to a virtual switch (vSwitch).
4. When computers are logically grouped on a LAN based upon a functional department in the organization, what is the group called?
A Backbone
B CAN
C PAN line 2
D Workgroup
-D
-- A workgroup is a logical grouping of computers on a local area network (LAN) based upon a department's function. A backbone is the connectivity method that connects multiple network segments together. A campus area network (CAN) is a network that connects multiple buildings together in close proximity. A personal area network (PAN) is a network that connects personal devices together in close proximity often using Bluetooth technology.